# Requirements

## Introduction
Everyone nowadays is searching for automation and improvements in all fields. The Car Seat Heat Monitoring System can keep the heat in the seats of the vehicle. The temperature in Europe is extremely low, and any electronic designer needs ensure that his equipment will function well in that environment. In our proposal, the sensor will detect if the driver is sitting or not, and if he is, the temperature will be adjusted accordingly. Our controller will then set the heater to the required temperature. The heat will be generated by the heater, and the temperature will be displayed on an LCD display as requested. We used an ATmega328 microcontroller, as well as a temperature sensor, a push button, a heat generator, LEDs, and an LCD display, among other things, in our project.

## Features
- The System will sense is driver or passenger seated or not.
- Driver or Passenger has the access to modify the temperature in the vehicle.
- As per Drivers request, Heater will generate the heat accordingly.
- It is best for European Countries.
- Low cost and robust system.
- Modular Approach.

## SWOT- Strengths, and Weakness, Opportunities Threats
### Strengths
- User Friendly
- Easy to alter the temperature inside the vehicles.
- Modular Approach
- Low cost and Robust system.

### Weakness
- Its only applicable for those countries which are having low temperature.
### Opportunities
- It can be implemented by having both Heater and AC.
### Threats
- Not suitable for average or high temperature places.

## 4W's and 1'H
### **WHAT** : STEPin_Seat_Temperature_Monitoring_System
### **WHERE** : Used in Automotive Industries
### **WHEN** : At low Temperature

## Detail requirements
### High Level Requirements
| High Level Requirements      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| HLR1      | Microcontroller   |
| HLR2   | Temperature Sensor|
| HLR3   | Heat Generation|
| HLR4   | Display|
| HLR5   | Software used|

### Low Level Requirements
| Low Level Requirements      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| HLR1_LLR1      | ATmega328     |
| HLR2_LLR1   | LM35 and ADC|
| HLR2_LLR2   | ADC with PWM-fast|
| HLR3_LLR1   | Thermoelectric module|
| HLR4_LLR1   |LCD and LED|
| HLR5_LLR1   | Code Blocks with AVR GCC compiler |
| HLR5_LLR2   | SimulIDE |
